 Notes

The members details page DEFINITELY needs memoization, search filtering is impacted because of the re-renders (post schema change)

 new update member name endpoint - does not check if names are duplicated, would have to put in client side handling for validation responses

 coin grid left to right, newest lower right - not matching spec yet - will try at end. it's none standard and requires advanced css grid

 for the member list page, not implementing the three filter boxes as the global one works fine, unless there's time

 sticky footer ie fixed viewport height + a toggleable submenu was way too complex.

 add a test if one doesn't exist to ensure that nothing is carried over from a previous member's haul

 the member photos - are they large? could slow down the site when all are loaded in memory

 scores are shown always now - is this ok?

 in the future, rename Member to Participant

 put in a thumbnail creator class. make it generate a few different sizes and pick the right one

 fix navmenu, Beavers, Greenhill Methodist splits 

 do we still need MemberId and LockUntil?

 be sure to check DateTime.UtcNow usage

When a scavenged coin is deleted, do we remove it from the scavenged coin table (making it effectively reusable) or do we mark it as deleted? Going
with removing it from the table

add / remove fixed points. If we were to have a single field to store a "master" value. eg +20, -10 woudl this work?
admin could edit. eg. "I've added +20, but now I'm going to deduct 10, so I'll reopen the dialog that now has +20 and change to 10. 

how do we prevent members from accessing the admin screens and modifying data?

icons on coins to follow, same with + prefix
do we make the Save points button larger? If it's too large, could that run the risk of accidental clicks?

what do we do about the close buttons on the coins? When a coin is removed by it, can it be re-added?

I managed to double click a button - check the fix

the filter members page should work with the scanner, but is it the ipad ie the webcam it needs to work with?

Would have gone with ScanPoints but singular would be ScanPoint and that's no good. ScanCoin.

home page is calling https://release-scouts-webapi.azurewebsites.net/api/members?view=PointsSummary

changing member's group or section means new code!

make a generic Confirmation modal to replace default confirm

now that there's coin's effective points - update scan session's total to use effective points.